kneel down
Kneel down, master, calm down
Junior brother, it's not that he doesn't have your say
Boil medicine and go out
Yes
I told you a long time ago that you will not be allowed to use the ancient magic again
It's only one day
You turned a deaf ear to your teacher's words
For now
Only by breaking the rules of Yunying Feng
Pass this secretary on to you
This is the book that swept the three worlds
The top-level cultivation method that everyone has placed in
This book practice method is the same as your vision, mind and spirit
I can only pass on the secret method to you
So you can achieve symbiosis with Kamitani
Hmm, symbiosis, symbiosis.
After you learn this method
Not only can it coexist with Kamitani
There is a path to longevity.
Such a good thing
I just took it out now
The uterine method is very dangerous
If you're not careful, you go crazy.
And if you want to practice the uterus, you must hold the uterus
Hello, I can't remember.
Evil is fast
Do you want to practice this skill?
The first is the pure body of a boy
You are still not me
You can't be, can you?
I am I am
Then master, when will you give me some pointers?
Brother, I will never let you die
Jiang Bailian must go to the tree shade to steal the Bauhinia grass
See how I treat you